Rebalance Quad Beam Weapons (#6)
TheGiraffe3/rumskib: data/weapons.txt

	category "Guns"
	series "Guns"
	index 01051
	cost 200000
	thumbnail "outfit/laser quad"

> 	"mass" 36
> 	"outfit space" -36
> 	"weapon capacity" -36

Reviewer: Oy - now we get balance concerns with the Destroyer and Marauder Boxwing. I don't really want to give them even more weapon space. What about 
```suggestion
	"mass" 89
	"outfit space" -30
	"weapon capacity" -30
```
Then you could update the description to mention that it's really dense, but they managed to save space.

Author: That looks like some alien tech O.o

I really really can't recommend such an approach, the Quad Beam would completely become off.

Author: Ok, but you have to accept worse accuracy and more heat. Than we can go down to 30 in total, a la "crammed four beams together".

Reviewer: That works.

Author: I'll get my calculator....

		"hardpoint offset" -0.5 8.
		sound "laser"
		"hit effect" "beam laser impact"
		"inaccuracy" .5
		"turret turn" 2.75
		"velocity" 300
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 2.67
		"firing heat" 6.4

> 		"shield damage" 4
> 		"hull damage" 5.2
> 	description "Unlike the Laser Turret, the quadified version does not turn fast enough to hold off fighter pilots. However, the doubled damage output more than makes up for this slight disadvantage."

Reviewer: I like the nonpreciseness here. How about
```suggestion
		"shield damage" 4.05
		"hull damage" 5.19
	description "Unlike the Laser Turret, the quadified version does not turn fast enough to hold off fighter pilots. However, the nearly doubled damage output more than makes up for this slight disadvantage."
```

Author: I commited a shield damage shift to gun and turret. It's still "doubling", no need for adjectives
